README.md, before:

Coin Graham IV
======

Professional Highlights:
* Migrated the largest consumer website for ([one of the top 5 most valuable brands in the world and whose name I cannot mention](http://c.cocacola.co.jp/)) to AWS.
* Built AWS infrastructure to support corporate big data platforms with S3, Redshift, Hortonworks, Tableau, and SAP HANA.
* AWS Certified Solution Architect - Professional
* AWS Certified Solution Architect - Associate
* AWS Certified Developer - Associate
* AWS Certified SysOps Administrator - Associate
* Managed a small team of data center engineers covering hardware, virtualization, and applications.

Specialties: Technical Profile:
* Cloud - Amazon AWS, Savvis Station, Terremark Verizon
* AWS - Cloud Formation Templates, VPC, EC2, S3, DevOps, RDS, Beanstalk, DynamoDB
* Virtualization – Cloud Strategies, VCP, vSphere, vCenter, HA, DRS, SRM
* Operating Systems – ESXi 4.1 5.1, Redhat Linux, Amazon Linux, Windows 2008 2012
* Scripting – Lambda, Python, Perl, Bash, Shell, vCLI, VMWare Perl SDK
* Monitoring – CloudWatch, CloudTrail

Experience
------

##### Senior Consultant  
2nd Watch  
October 2014 – Present (1 year 6 months)Greater Atlanta Area  
Working to architect, deploy, and manage critical business workloads in the public cloud.  
  
##### Cloud Virtualization Architect  
Birch Communications (formerly CBeyond)  
October 2013 – October 2014 (1 year 1 month)Greater Atlanta Area  
Previously the head VMWare/Virtualization architect for the CBeyond Total Cloud offerings. I was responsible for over 100 hosts and over 2000 guests. Including multi-tenant customer-facing cloud vms and internal business critical systems.  Additionally I work with other infrastructure systems including EMC SAN, and Cisco UCS blades.  
  
##### Team Lead, Server Operations  
AirWatch/VMWare  
July 2011 – October 2013 (2 years 4 months)Greater Atlanta Area  
Virtualization and Storage Engineering  
Datacenter Operations  
  
##### VMWare Administrator  
Genuine Parts Company  
June 2007 – July 2011 (4 years 2 months)  
Comprehensive experience in VMware and System Administration. Managing VMWare ESX v4.1 in HP c7000 blade enclosures.  

Certifications
------

##### AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate  
Amazon Web Services, License AWS-ASA-5575  
January 2015  

##### AWS Certified Developer - Associate  
Amazon Web Services, License AWS-ADEV-563  
February 2015 – February 2017  

##### AWS Certified SysOps Administrator - Associate  
Amazon Web Services, License AWS-ASOA-897  
March 2015 – March 2017  

##### VMWare VCP 4.1  
VMware, License 7228569-8750-86E78FD6FE7B  
November 2011 – March 2015  

Education
------

##### Lee University
B.S., Mathematics  
August 1996 – July 2000  
Activities and Societies:   
Student Government Association, Chess Team, Habitat for Humanity, Empowered Choir.

Commit message:

More details for 2ndwatch
Added more information on the projects

README.md, after:

Coin Graham IV
======

Professional Highlights:
* Migrated the largest consumer website for ([one of the top 5 most valuable brands in the world and whose name I cannot mention](http://c.cocacola.co.jp/)) to AWS.
* Built AWS infrastructure to support corporate big data platforms with S3, Redshift, Hortonworks, Tableau, and SAP HANA.
* AWS Certified Solution Architect - Professional
* AWS Certified Solution Architect - Associate
* AWS Certified Developer - Associate
* AWS Certified SysOps Administrator - Associate
* Managed a small team of data center engineers covering hardware, virtualization, and applications.

Specialties: Technical Profile:
* Cloud - Amazon AWS, Savvis Station, Terremark Verizon
* AWS - Cloud Formation Templates, VPC, EC2, S3, DevOps, RDS, Beanstalk, DynamoDB
* Virtualization – Cloud Strategies, VCP, vSphere, vCenter, HA, DRS, SRM
* Operating Systems – ESXi 4.1 5.1, Redhat Linux, Amazon Linux, Windows 2008 2012
* Scripting – Lambda, Python, Perl, Bash, Shell, vCLI, VMWare Perl SDK
* Monitoring – CloudWatch, CloudTrail

Experience
------

##### Senior Consultant  
2nd Watch  
October 2014 – Present (1 year 9 months)Greater Atlanta Area  
Highlevel:
Working to architect, deploy, and manage critical business workloads in the public cloud for one of the largest and most recognizable brands in the world.  Concurrently engaged in multiple projects in different roles depending on expertise and availability.

Lowlevel:
Big data infrastructure architecture, design and deployment.  Focus on architecting for data access performance.
Flagship consumer web site architecture, design and deployment.  Focus on architecting for high availability, elasticity, and response times. 
Enterprise Oracle application redesigned from old cloud to new.  Focus on architecting for low cost and security. 
Code Commit Helper development.  Creating development utilities to speed up cloud adoption.
Other project examples available on request.
  
##### Cloud Virtualization Architect  
Birch Communications (formerly CBeyond)  
October 2013 – October 2014 (1 year 1 month)Greater Atlanta Area  
Previously the head VMWare/Virtualization architect for the CBeyond Total Cloud offerings. I was responsible for over 100 hosts and over 2000 guests. Including multi-tenant customer-facing cloud vms and internal business critical systems.  Additionally I work with other infrastructure systems including EMC SAN, and Cisco UCS blades.  
  
##### Team Lead, Server Operations  
AirWatch/VMWare  
July 2011 – October 2013 (2 years 4 months)Greater Atlanta Area  
Virtualization and Storage Engineering  
Datacenter Operations  
  
##### VMWare Administrator  
Genuine Parts Company  
June 2007 – July 2011 (4 years 2 months)  
Comprehensive experience in VMware and System Administration. Managing VMWare ESX v4.1 in HP c7000 blade enclosures.  

Certifications
------

##### AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate  
Amazon Web Services, License AWS-ASA-5575  
January 2015  

##### AWS Certified Developer - Associate  
Amazon Web Services, License AWS-ADEV-563  
February 2015 – February 2017  

##### AWS Certified SysOps Administrator - Associate  
Amazon Web Services, License AWS-ASOA-897  
March 2015 – March 2017  

##### VMWare VCP 4.1  
VMware, License 7228569-8750-86E78FD6FE7B  
November 2011 – March 2015  

Education
------

##### Lee University
B.S., Mathematics  
August 1996 – July 2000  
Activities and Societies:   
Student Government Association, Chess Team, Habitat for Humanity, Empowered Choir.
